c:\users\amir.kublansky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\amir.kublansky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\amir.kublansky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\amir.kublansky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\amir.kublansky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\amir.kublansky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\amir.kublansky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\amir.kublansky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\amir.kublansky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\amir.kublansky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\amir.kublansky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\amir.kublansky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\amir.kublansky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\LifeMatch.dll.config
c:\users\amir.kublansky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\LifeMatch.dll
c:\users\amir.kublansky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\LifeMatch.pdb
c:\users\amir.kublansky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\amir.kublansky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\amir.kublansky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\amir.kublansky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\amir.kublansky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\amir.kublansky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\amir.kublansky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\amir.kublansky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\amir.kublansky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\amir.kublansky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\amir.kublansky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\amir.kublansky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\amir.kublansky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\amir.kublansky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\amir.kublansky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\amir.kublansky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\amir.kublansky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\amir.kublansky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\amir.kublansky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\amir.kublansky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\amir.kublansky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\amir.kublansky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\amir.kublansky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\amir.kublansky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\amir.kublansky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\amir.kublansky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\amir.kublansky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\amir.kublansky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\amir.kublansky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\amir.kublansky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\amir.kublansky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\amir.kublansky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\amir.kublansky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\amir.kublansky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\amir.kublansky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\amir.kublansky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\amir.kublansky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\amir.kublansky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\amir.kublansky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\amir.kublansky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\amir.kublansky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\amir.kublansky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\amir.kublansky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\amir.kublansky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\amir.kublansky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\amir.kublansky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\amir.kublansky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\amir.kublansky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\amir.kublansky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\amir.kublansky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\amir.kublansky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\amir.kublansky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\obj\Debug\LifeMatch.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\amir.kublansky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\obj\Debug\LifeMatch.dll
c:\users\amir.kublansky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\obj\Debug\LifeMatch.pdb
D:\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
D:\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
D:\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
D:\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
D:\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
D:\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
D:\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
D:\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
D:\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
D:\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
D:\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
D:\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
D:\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\LifeMatch.dll.config
D:\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\LifeMatch.dll
D:\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\LifeMatch.pdb
D:\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
D:\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
D:\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
D:\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
D:\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
D:\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
D:\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
D:\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
D:\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
D:\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
D:\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
D:\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
D:\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
D:\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Owin.dll
D:\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\WebGrease.dll
D:\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
D:\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
D:\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
D:\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
D:\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
D:\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
D:\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
D:\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
D:\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
D:\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
D:\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
D:\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
D:\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
D:\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
D:\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
D:\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\obj\Debug\LifeMatch.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\obj\Debug\LifeMatch.dll
D:\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\obj\Debug\LifeMatch.pdb
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\LifeMatch.dll.config
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\LifeMatch.dll
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\LifeMatch.pdb
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Owin.dll
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\WebGrease.dll
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\obj\Debug\LifeMatch.dll
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\obj\Debug\LifeMatch.pdb
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authorization.dll
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Hosting.Abstractions.dll
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Hosting.Server.Abstractions.dll
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Abstractions.dll
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.dll
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Extensions.dll
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Features.dll
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Abstractions.dll
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Core.dll
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.ResponseCaching.Abstractions.dll
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Routing.Abstractions.dll
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Routing.dll
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.WebUtilities.dll
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.DotNet.PlatformAbstractions.dll
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Abstractions.dll
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.dll
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyModel.dll
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.FileProviders.Abstractions.dll
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Abstractions.dll
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.ObjectPool.dll
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Options.dll
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.PlatformAbstractions.dll
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Primitives.dll
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Net.Http.Headers.dll
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\System.Buffers.dll
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.dll
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.dll
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\System.Runtime.InteropServices.RuntimeInformation.dll
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\System.Text.Encodings.Web.dll
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authorization.xml
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Hosting.Abstractions.xml
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Hosting.Server.Abstractions.xml
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.xml
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Abstractions.xml
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Extensions.xml
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Features.xml
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Abstractions.xml
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Core.xml
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.ResponseCaching.Abstractions.xml
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Routing.xml
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Routing.Abstractions.xml
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.WebUtilities.xml
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Abstractions.xml
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.xml
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.FileProviders.Abstractions.xml
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Abstractions.xml
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.ObjectPool.xml
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Options.xml
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.PlatformAbstractions.xml
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Primitives.xml
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Net.Http.Headers.xml
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.xml
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.xml
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\System.Text.Encodings.Web.xml
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\LifeMatch.dll.config
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\LifeMatch.dll
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\LifeMatch.pdb
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authorization.dll
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Hosting.Abstractions.dll
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Hosting.Server.Abstractions.dll
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Abstractions.dll
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.dll
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Extensions.dll
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Features.dll
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Abstractions.dll
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Core.dll
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.ResponseCaching.Abstractions.dll
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Routing.Abstractions.dll
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Routing.dll
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.WebUtilities.dll
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.DotNet.PlatformAbstractions.dll
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Abstractions.dll
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.dll
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyModel.dll
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.FileProviders.Abstractions.dll
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Abstractions.dll
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.ObjectPool.dll
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Options.dll
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.PlatformAbstractions.dll
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Primitives.dll
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Net.Http.Headers.dll
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Owin.dll
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\System.Buffers.dll
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.dll
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.dll
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\System.Runtime.InteropServices.RuntimeInformation.dll
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\System.Text.Encodings.Web.dll
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\WebGrease.dll
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authorization.xml
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Hosting.Abstractions.xml
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Hosting.Server.Abstractions.xml
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.xml
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Abstractions.xml
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Extensions.xml
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Features.xml
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Abstractions.xml
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Core.xml
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.ResponseCaching.Abstractions.xml
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Routing.xml
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Routing.Abstractions.xml
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.WebUtilities.xml
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Abstractions.xml
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.xml
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.FileProviders.Abstractions.xml
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Abstractions.xml
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.ObjectPool.xml
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Options.xml
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.PlatformAbstractions.xml
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Primitives.xml
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Net.Http.Headers.xml
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.xml
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.xml
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\System.Text.Encodings.Web.xml
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\obj\Debug\LifeMatch.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\obj\Debug\LifeMatch.dll
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\obj\Debug\LifeMatch.pdb
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\MySql.Data.dll
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\MySql.Data.Entity.dll
D:\stam\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\MySql.Web.dll
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\MySql.Data.dll
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\MySql.Data.Entity.dll
D:\LifeMatchApplication\LifeMatch\LifeMatch\bin\MySql.Web.dll
